{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.exploreminnesota.com/things-to-do/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.exploreminnesota.com/things-to-do/}}}\ul\b\f0\fs22\par
\ulnone\b0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.minneapolis.org/visitor/tours-attractions/suggested-itineraries/150-things-to-do-in-minneapolis"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.minneapolis.org/visitor/tours-attractions/suggested-itineraries/150-things-to-do-in-minneapolis}}}\f0\fs22\par
\ul\b\par
Weekly/monthly dances\ulnone\b0\par
Rhythm Junction - Mondays\par
Probably the best weekly dance in the Twin Cities (in my opinion)\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rhythm-junction.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.rhythm-junction.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Aster Cafe (Patty and the Buttons) - Sunday late morning/early afternoon\par
Tiny dance floor, but good food, great ambiance, lots of fun, really good music\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.astercafe.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.astercafe.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Southside Aces at the Eagle's Club - 2nd Thursday of the month\par
An old-person dance at an old-person venue with sometimes a smallish group of not-old lindy hoppers. Fun band.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.minneapoliseagles34.org/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.minneapoliseagles34.org/index.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Famous Dave's - blues on Sunday nights (Moses Oakland), swing on Monday nights (Southside Aces Aug 4, Twin Cities Hot Club Aug 11, Ross Kleiner Aug 18, Riverside Swing Band August 25), Davina and the Vagabonds Aug 8\par
Good food, concrete "dance floor", some of the bands are good (specifically Southside Aces, TC Hot Club, Davina, and Moses Oakland; I can't vouch for the others).\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.famousdavesbluesclub.com/music_events.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.famousdavesbluesclub.com/music_events.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Late Night Swing - Thursday nights\par
The last time I was there (probably at least two years ago), it was the college kid dance with lots of newbies, a smaller number of veteran dancers, and a crowded dance floor. But it also used to be the #1 most popular dance in the Twin Cities. I'm not sure what it's like these days.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tcswing.com/latenightswing.htm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.tcswing.com/latenightswing.htm}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Wabasha Street Caves - Thursday Nights\par
More of an East Coast crowd. I think it's more of a "dance with the posse you came with" rather than a "dance with the people you meet there" joint, but I'm not sure. BUT it's a legitimate old-school gangster hangout, so you could dance to live music in a night club that John Dillinger used to hang at, and that's pretty awesome.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wabashastreetcaves.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.wabashastreetcaves.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Lee's Liquor Lounge - live swing music on Wednesdays\par
Only been here once. The venue is kind of a dive, and I'm not sure what the bands or the crowd are like. Apparently the music is rockabilly?\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.leesliquorlounge.com/ongoing.php"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.leesliquorlounge.com/ongoing.php}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Uptown Swing - Wednesdays + drop-in classes on Tuesdays\par
Peter and Naomi's classes.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.uptownswing.net/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.uptownswing.net/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Glam Doll Donuts\par
Peter occasionally organizes dances at a doughnut shop. Not sure when.\par
\par
1st Saturday Swing\par
1st Saturday of the month. Mixed crowd, live music.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tcswing.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.tcswing.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
The Blues Mill - Thursdays\par
lessons and social blues dancing. I don't think I've ever been to this.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.collectivelyblue.net/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.collectivelyblue.net/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Blues Jam @ Wilebski's - Tuesdays\par
Blues dancing, presumably.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.collectivelyblue.net/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.collectivelyblue.net/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Events and Festivals in August and September\ulnone\b0\par
Renaissance Festival - weekends, Aug 16 - Sept 28\par
Dress up in a Renaissance/Medieval costume and eat a giant turkey leg while listening to fake British accents. It's pretty awesome. A lot of food, vendors, shows, and crazy people.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.renaissancefest.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.renaissancefest.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Irish Fair of MN - August 8-10\par
The largest free Irish culture festival in the US. Lots of bands, dancing, food, etc.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.irishfair.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.irishfair.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Japanese Lantern Lighting Festival - August 17\par
The taiko drummers are amazing. The walk through the Japanese garden after dark with the lanterns lit and the guy playing the flute is lovely.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.comozooconservatory.org/attractions/gardens/japanesegarden/japanese-lantern-festival/#/japanese-lantern-festival"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.comozooconservatory.org/attractions/gardens/japanesegarden/japanese-lantern-festival/#/japanese-lantern-festival}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Uptown Art Fair - Aug 1-3\par
One of the biggest summer art fairs in the Twin Cities. Lots of vendors selling various arts and crafts. Also music and food.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://uptownartfair.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://uptownartfair.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Art and All That Jazz - Burnsville - Aug 17\par
I've never heard of this one before, but apparently it's an art fair that also features music.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.burnsvilleartjazz.com/homepage_noANN.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.burnsvilleartjazz.com/homepage_noANN.aspx}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Bayfront Blues Festival - Duluth - August 8-10\par
Never been to this, but it could be cool. Duluth is about a 2 hour drive from the Twin Cities.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bayfrontblues.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.bayfrontblues.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
MN State Fair - Aug 21 - Sept 1\par
A really big deal in MN. Seriously, over a million people show up to this thing every year. It's huge. Lots of food (especially food on a stick), arts and crafts, vendors, livestock, butter sculptures, etc.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mnstatefair.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.mnstatefair.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Minnesota Fringe Festival - July 31-Aug 10\par
"\lang1033 an annual eleven-day performing arts extravaganza." I've never been to this, but it's pretty popular.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.fringefestival.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.fringefestival.org/}}}\lang9\f0\fs22\par
\par
North Star Blues - Sept 18-21\par
Annual blues exchange\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.northstarblues.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.northstarblues.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Art\ulnone\b0\par
Minneapolis Institute of Arts\par
Minnesota's biggest and best art museum. Features art from all over the world and lots of different time periods.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://new.artsmia.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://new.artsmia.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Walker Art Museum\par
Minnesota's biggest and best modern art museum\par
Also the Sculpture Garden - a collection of large artworks outside of the Walker, most notably the Spoonbridge and Cherry, which is something of a Minneapolis icon.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.walkerart.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.walkerart.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.walkerart.org/garden/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.walkerart.org/garden/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Museum of Russian Art\par
Only been here once. There were free cookies in the gift shop, but I think that was because it was around Christmas.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://tmora.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://tmora.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Weisman Art Museum\par
I don't think I've ever been here, but the website says it \lang1033 features early twentieth-century American artists, as well as ceramics and contemporary artists.\par
\lang9{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.weisman.umn.edu/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.weisman.umn.edu/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\ul\b History\ulnone\b0\par
MN History Center\par
Minnesota's premiere history museum. Some nice permanent exhibits, plus a rotating exhibit. The rotating exhibit in August and September is on the War of 1812.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.minnesotahistorycenter.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.minnesotahistorycenter.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Mill City Museum\par
A museum dedicated to the history of flour milling in Minneapolis. The history of flour milling in Minneapolis is actually quite a bit more interesting than it sounds.\par
Also Washburn A mill tours for more behind the scenes stuff on Aug 17 and Sept 6\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.millcitymuseum.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.millcitymuseum.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Historic Fort Snelling\par
A 19th century military fortification that has been converted into a museum.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.historicfortsnelling.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.historicfortsnelling.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
James J Hill House\par
Historic Mansion once owned by railroad tycoon James J. Hill. Has a rotating art exhibit, and tours of the house.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sites.mnhs.org/historic-sites/james-j-hill-house"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://sites.mnhs.org/historic-sites/james-j-hill-house}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
American Swedish Institute\par
A historic mansion built by one of the many Swedish immigrants to settle in Minnesota. Beautiful interior woodwork, plus art exhibits. \par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.asimn.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.asimn.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Ganster tour at the Wabasha Street Caves - Saturdays and Sundays at noon\par
Sandstone caves that were converted into a speakeasy in the 1920s and are said to have been a popular hangout for St Paul gangsters.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.wabashastreetcaves.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.wabashastreetcaves.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Summit Ave Walking Tours - Saturdays 11am and 2pm, Sundays 2pm\par
See the "Gilded Age" mansions of Summit Ave\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://events.mnhs.org/calendar/Results.cfm?EventID=2174"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://events.mnhs.org/calendar/Results.cfm?EventID=2174}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
History Pub Crawl\par
Aug 12 (Minneapolis), Aug 6, 13, 20, 27 (Summit Hill)\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.minnesotahistorycenter.org/events-programs/tours-lectures-workshops/pub-crawls"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.minnesotahistorycenter.org/events-programs/tours-lectures-workshops/pub-crawls}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
History Food Crawl\par
Aug 9 & 16\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.minnesotahistorycenter.org/events-programs/tours-lectures-workshops/pub-crawls"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.minnesotahistorycenter.org/events-programs/tours-lectures-workshops/pub-crawls}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Places outside of the Twin Cities\ulnone\b0\par
Stillwater \par
A quaint little city on the river on the border between MN and Wisconsin. Lots of little shops and restaurants and such. They also have "Summer Tuesdays" in which they have some art vendors, live music, and an outdoor movie. 30-45 minute drive.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.discoverstillwater.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.discoverstillwater.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Taylor's Falls\par
Scenic hiking trails. On the border to Wisconsin. About an hour drive.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ci.taylors-falls.mn.us/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.ci.taylors-falls.mn.us/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Duluth\par
A nice city on the shore of Lake Superior. Touristy things like museums, shops, restaurants, and lovely views of the lake. It's also near Gooseberry Falls which has some nice hiking trails, and near Split Rock Lighthouse which is a historic site and supposed to be quite lovely. 2 hour drive (or 3 to Gooseberry Falls and Split Rock).\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.visitduluth.com/home.php"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.visitduluth.com/home.php}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sites.mnhs.org/historic-sites/split-rock-lighthouse"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://sites.mnhs.org/historic-sites/split-rock-lighthouse}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dnr.state.mn.us/state_parks/gooseberry_falls/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.dnr.state.mn.us/state_parks/gooseberry_falls/index.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Walking/biking/picnicing\ulnone\b0\par
Minnehaha Falls \par
A Minneapolis park with a water fall, a sea food eatery, music concerts in the summer, and walking trails.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.minneapolisparks.org/?PageID=4&parkid=252"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.minneapolisparks.org/?PageID=4&parkid=252}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Hidden Falls\par
A water fall hidden where a lot of people don't know where to find it. I found it by accident. It's pretty sweet.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.stpaul.gov/facilities.aspx?page=detail&RID=42"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.stpaul.gov/facilities.aspx?page=detail&RID=42}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Crosby Farm\par
Used to be farm land apparently, but now it's a wooded area near the Mississippi River with walking trails.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nps.gov/miss/planyourvisit/crosfarm.htm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.nps.gov/miss/planyourvisit/crosfarm.htm}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Chain of Lakes\par
Lake of the Isles, Lake Calhoun, and Lake Harriet. They all have walking/biking paths around them. Lake Harriet has free outdoor concerts every day in June, July, and August (weather permitting), as well as a rose garden, a Japanese garden, and a bird sanctuary.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.minneapolisparks.org/grandrounds/dist_cl.htm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.minneapolisparks.org/grandrounds/dist_cl.htm}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Minnehaha Creek\par
It's a creek. It's got walking/biking paths. Sometimes in the summer I walk from Lake Hiawatha and follow the creek all the way to Minnehaha Falls. A very nice walk.\par
\par
Other parks\par
There are lots of them. Lots and lots of parks and lakes.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Misc\ulnone\b0\par
Padelford Riverboat Cruise\par
Sightseeing cruises and dinner cruises down the Mississippi River.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.riverrides.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.riverrides.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Lake Harriet trolley\par
Many years ago there were streetcars in Minneapolis. They paved over most of the tracks, but left one stretch of track next to Lake Harriet and Lake Calhoun. You can ride on the historic streetcars in the summer. Unfortunately, there are no special events in August/Sept.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.trolleyride.org/CHSL_Main/schedule.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.trolleyride.org/CHSL_Main/schedule.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Lakewood cemetary\par
There is a memorial chapel at the cemetary that was modeled after the Hagia Sophia (though rather smaller I imagine), and the interior \lang1033 is considered by many to be  the most perfect example of Byzantine mosaic art in the United States. Also the cemetary itself has a little lake and some cool old monuments and gravestones.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.lakewoodcemetery.com/History_Chapel.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.lakewoodcemetery.com/History_Chapel.html}}}\f0\fs22\par
\lang9\par
Apple picking\par
Aamodt's apple farm is open from Aug 1. They also have goats and a hay bale maze.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.aamodtsapplefarm.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.aamodtsapplefarm.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Mall of America\par
It's the second largest shopping mall in the U.S. It's so big there is an amusement park with roller coasters and everything in the middle of it.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mallofamerica.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.mallofamerica.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Music and Movies in the Park\par
Free outdoor concerts at various parks in the Twin Cities every day through the beginning of Sept, as well as movies almost every evening through Aug 23.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.stpaul.gov/index.aspx?NID=1357"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.stpaul.gov/index.aspx?NID=1357}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mplsmusicandmovies.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.mplsmusicandmovies.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stpaul.gov/DocumentCenter/View/72781"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://stpaul.gov/DocumentCenter/View/72781}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Science Museum of MN\par
The rotating exhibit is usually really awesome. Currently it's a dinosaur exhibit on through Aug. 24. I don't know what's coming up after that.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.smm.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.smm.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Dakota Jazz Club\par
I've never actually been here, but I've always thought it would be interesting to check it out sometime.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dakotacooks.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.dakotacooks.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Baseball game\par
Minnesota has a brand new major league baseball stadium! Baseball season runs through September, I think.\par
There is also a minor league team (St. Paul Saints). I've never been to one of their games, but I hear they're a lot of fun because they don't take themselves as seriously as the major leagues, so it's as much about crazy fun stuff going on as it is about actually watching the game.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://minnesota.twins.mlb.com/index.jsp?c_id=min"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://minnesota.twins.mlb.com/index.jsp?c_id=min}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://saintsbaseball.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://saintsbaseball.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Zoos\par
Minnesota Zoo is nicer, but Como Zoo is free. Como also has a nice conservatory.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mnzoo.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://mnzoo.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.comozooconservatory.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.comozooconservatory.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Wineries/Breweries\par
Wine trails feature several vineyards/wineries in a particular area. The Three Rivers Wine Trail, The Heartland Wine Trail, MN Sips of History Wine Trail, and Great River Road Wine Trail.\par
There are a number of breweries that offer tours, but I think Surly is one of the better known, more popular local beers (not positive, since I don't drink beer very often)\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.exploreminnesota.com/travel-ideas/wine-trails-golf-a-bunch-of-fun/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.exploreminnesota.com/travel-ideas/wine-trails-golf-a-bunch-of-fun/}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/top-lists/best-brewery-tours-in-minnesota/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/top-lists/best-brewery-tours-in-minnesota/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Midtown Global Market\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.midtownglobalmarket.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.midtownglobalmarket.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Local Music\ulnone\b0\par
Patty and the Buttons\par
"Western swing". Very fun music, one of the most popular local bands among swing dancers here.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pattyandthebuttons.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://pattyandthebuttons.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Twin Cities Hot Club \par
Gypsy jazz. Very popular with Twin Cities swing dancers.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twincitieshotclub.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://twincitieshotclub.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Davina and the Vagabonds\par
Fun, swingy, New Orleans-y jazz.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://davinaandthevagabonds.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://davinaandthevagabonds.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Southside Aces\par
New Orleans jazz.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.southsideaces.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.southsideaces.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Hounds of Finn\par
Irish music. One of my favorite local bands.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.houndsoffinn.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.houndsoffinn.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
MN Orchestra\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.minnesotaorchestra.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.minnesotaorchestra.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
St. Paul Chamber Orchestra\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.thespco.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.thespco.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\ul\b Theatre\ulnone\b0\par
Minnesota Centennial Showboat\par
Theatre! On a boat! I went once and it was absolutely delightful.\par
Dr.  Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is playing through Aug 16\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://theatre.umn.edu/showboat"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://theatre.umn.edu/showboat}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Guthrie\par
One of the bigger theatres in the Twin Cities.\par
My Fair Lady is on through August. Also Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.guthrietheater.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 https://www.guthrietheater.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Ordway\par
Another big theatre in the Twin Cities.\par
Evita is playing Aug 12-17\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ordway.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.ordway.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Orpheum\par
Another one.\par
Book of Mormon is playing Aug 20 - Sept 7\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hennepintheatretrust.org/our-theatres/orpheum-theatre"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.hennepintheatretrust.org/our-theatres/orpheum-theatre}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Bedlam\par
Smaller theatre. I've only been there once, but they put on a really wonderful Romeo and Juliet. I can't figure out what shows they have coming up in August and September.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bedlamtheatre.org/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://bedlamtheatre.org/}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
Chanhassan Dinner Theatre\par
Another big name in Twin Cities theatre. I've been twice and had great experiences both times.\par
The Little Mermaid is playing through August.\par
Hello, Dolly! is opening Sept 5\par
Stevie Ray's Comedy Cabaret is every Friday and Saturday, I think.\par
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.chanhassentheatres.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://www.chanhassentheatres.com/}}}\f0\fs22\par
}
 